docs: improved documentation for examples (#68)
cisco-open/pymultiworld: examples/all_gather/README.md

| 0           | <span style="color: red">tensor([1., 5., 5.], device='cuda:0')</span>  | [<span style="color: red">tensor([1., 5., 5.], device='cuda:2')</span>, <span style="color: green">tensor([4., 4., 4.], device='cuda:2')</span>, <span style="color: blue">tensor([2., 2., 5.], device='cuda:2')</span>] |
| 1           | <span style="color: green">tensor([4., 4., 4.], device='cuda:1')</span>| [<span style="color: red">tensor([1., 5., 5.], device='cuda:2')</span>, <span style="color: green">tensor([4., 4., 4.], device='cuda:2')</span>, <span style="color: blue">tensor([2., 2., 5.], device='cuda:2')</span>] |
| 2           | <span style="color: blue">tensor([2., 2., 5.], device='cuda:2')</span> | [<span style="color: red">tensor([1., 5., 5.], device='cuda:2')</span>, <span style="color: green">tensor([4., 4., 4.], device='cuda:2')</span>, <span style="color: blue">tensor([2., 2., 5.], device='cuda:2')</span>] |

The same pattern applies to world2.

## Failure case

> If something goes wrong in one worker, only the world where the worker belongs will be affected, the other worlds will continue their workload,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If something goes wrong in one worker, only the world where the worker belongs will be affected, the other worlds will continue their workload.
```

> therefore, the way Mutiworld is implemented, it's to prevent errors from spreading accross multiple worlds.

Reviewer: Mutiworld -> Multiworld

> therefore, the way Mutiworld is implemented, it's to prevent errors from spreading accross multiple worlds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, Mutiworld prevents errors from spreading accross multiple worlds.
```

Please apply this change across readme files.

| 2           | <span style="color: blue">tensor([2., 2., 5.], device='cuda:2')</span> | [<span style="color: red">tensor([1., 5., 5.], device='cuda:2')</span>, <span style="color: green">tensor([4., 4., 4.], device='cuda:2')</span>, <span style="color: blue">tensor([2., 2., 5.], device='cuda:2')</span>] |

The same pattern applies to world2.

## Failure case

If something goes wrong in one worker, only the world where the worker belongs will be affected, the other worlds will continue their workload.
In other words, Mutiworld prevents errors from spreading accross multiple worlds.
In this case, if, for example rank 1 from world1 fails, ranks from world2 will still continue to perform all_gather operation, together with rank 0 (leader).

The following screenshot demonstrates how errors are handled in multiworld:

<p align="center"><img src="../../docs/imgs/all_gather_error.png" alt="all_gather error handling" width="800" height="300"></p>

> Exmplanation:

Reviewer: Explanation

<ol>

>     <li>Lead worker (rank 0) is communicating with all the worlds (world 1, world 2)</li>

Reviewer: Use markdown syntax for ordered list. Reference: https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#ordered-lists.
If html is needed, please add explanation in this thread.

Author: No reason for using html. I updated using markdown syntax.

    <li>Process is killed using keyboard interrupt on rank 2 from world 1</li>
    <li>The exception is caught by all the workers in the same world (rank 1 in this example)</li>
    <li>The exception is also caught by the lead worker (rank 0)</li>

>     <li>all_gather operation continues, even one of the worlds failed, lead rank continuing communication with all the remaining worlds (world 2 in this example)</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li>all_gather operation continues; even after one of the worlds failed, the lead rank continues communication with all the remaining worlds (world 2 in this example)</li>
```
